README.md, before:

# Flow Matching Learning

This repository implements and explores machine learning algorithms related to Flow Matching. Flow Matching is a novel approach for training generative models, offering advantages in efficiency and stability.

## Dependencies

- Python >= 3.8
- torch >= 1.7
- torchvision
- numpy
- matplotlib
- opencv-python
- pyyaml

## Project Structure

```
├── draw_result_fig.py           # Visualization of results
├── infer.py                     # Inference script
├── model.py                     # Model definitions
├── rectified_flow.py            # Rectified Flow implementation
├── train.py                     # Main training script for Flow Matching
├── train_reflow.py              # Training script for Rectified Flow
├── config/
│   ├── train_mnist.yaml         # MNIST training configuration
│   └── train_reflow_config.yaml # Rectified Flow training configuration
├── data/                        # Data storage
├── datasets/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── reflow_dataset.py        # Dataset definitions
└── readme.md                    # Project documentation
```

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```powershell
   git clone https://github.com/Gdw040199/Flow_Matching_MNIST.git
   cd Flow_Matching_MNIST
   ```

## Quick Start

### Train a Flow Matching model

```
python train.py 
```

### Train a Rectified Flow model

```
python train_reflow.py 
```

### Inference and sample generation

```
python infer.py 
```

### Visualize results

```
python draw_result_fig.py
```

## Main Features

- Flow Matching generative model training and inference
- Rectified Flow training and dataset support
- MNIST dataset experiments
- Result visualization

## References

- [Flow Matching for Generative Modeling](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.02747)
- [Flow Straight and Fast: Learning to Generate and Transfer Data with Rectified Flow](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.03003)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Update README with data preparation instructions
Added instructions for downloading and preparing data for training.

README.md, after:

# Flow Matching Learning

This repository implements and explores machine learning algorithms related to Flow Matching. Flow Matching is a novel approach for training generative models, offering advantages in efficiency and stability.

## Dependencies

- Python >= 3.8
- torch >= 1.7
- torchvision
- numpy
- matplotlib
- opencv-python
- pyyaml

## Project Structure

```
├── draw_result_fig.py           # Visualization of results
├── infer.py                     # Inference script
├── model.py                     # Model definitions
├── rectified_flow.py            # Rectified Flow implementation
├── train.py                     # Main training script for Flow Matching
├── train_reflow.py              # Training script for Rectified Flow
├── config/
│   ├── train_mnist.yaml         # MNIST training configuration
│   └── train_reflow_config.yaml # Rectified Flow training configuration
├── data/                        # Data storage
├── datasets/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── reflow_dataset.py        # Dataset definitions
└── readme.md                    # Project documentation
```

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```powershell
   git clone https://github.com/Gdw040199/Flow_Matching_MNIST.git
   cd Flow_Matching_MNIST
   ```

## Quick Start

### Train a Flow Matching model

```
python train.py 
```

### Train a Rectified Flow model
Before that you should download from this [link](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1q57fetS8QFLwCLAZYZc6sQ?pwd=pz94)

Next, place the data after ```data/``` and then extract all the compressed packages.

```
python train_reflow.py 
```

### Inference and sample generation

```
python infer.py 
```

### Visualize results

```
python draw_result_fig.py
```

## Main Features

- Flow Matching generative model training and inference
- Rectified Flow training and dataset support
- MNIST dataset experiments
- Result visualization

## References

- [Flow Matching for Generative Modeling](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.02747)
- [Flow Straight and Fast: Learning to Generate and Transfer Data with Rectified Flow](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.03003)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
